Be explicit about number return types (#2467)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-sfbis.md

   5. If type is "integer" and input_number contains more than 15 characters, fail parsing.
   6. If type is "decimal" and input_number contains more than 16 characters, fail parsing.
8. If type is "integer":
   1. Let output_number be an Integer that is the result of parsing input_number as an integer.
9. Otherwise:
   1. If the final character of input_number is ".", fail parsing.
   2. If the number of characters after "." in input_number is greater than three, fail parsing.
   3. Let output_number be a Decimal that is the result of parsing input_number as a decimal number.

> 0. Let output_number be the product of output_number and sign.
> 1. Return output_number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Let output_number be the product of output_number and sign.
11. Return output_number.
```

(Not sure how kramdown manages nested lists, so maybe this doesn't matter.  Convention for bikeshed is to number every step "1.", which looks odd, but maybe less so than 1..8, 9, 0, 1, 2, 3 ...)

Author: Nope; last I tried that, it messed up kramdown. This is the way that works.
